Add docs to enable IDS (#6990)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-firewall/how-to/enable-ids.md

---
title: Enable IDS
pcx_content_type: how-to
weight: 5
---

# Enable IDS

Cloudflare's IDS takes advantage of the threat intelligence powered by our global network and extends the capabilities of the Cloudflare Firewall to monitor and protect your network from malicious actors.

> To start using the IDS setup a new ruleset in the `magic-transit-ids-managed` phase with a rule which is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using IDS, first create a new ruleset in the `magic-transit-ids-managed` phase with a rule which is enabled.
```
